<MAINTITLE>Football and baseball have been locked in a perpetual battle</MAINTITLE> 

<P>Football and baseball have been locked in a perpetual battle for the affection of sports in the United States. Football has been the most popular in the United States with its bone-crushing hits and high-flying action. However, baseball has long been considered America's pastime, with its rich history of almost mythical characters and dramatic moments. Which sport is America's favorite? </P>

<P>There is no other sport in the United States that garners so much attention during regular season games, and so much sadness when it is gone. Every week, from September to February, America eats, sleeps and breathes football. From NFL Sunday to College Football Saturday, the sport is being played somewhere at a high level on the weekend.
According to the latest Harris Poll, 33 percent of the people surveyed say football is their favorite sport. It's no surprise why. Some of the world's best athletes compete in football. No one is supposed to move with the speed and power that those monstrous human beings do. 350-pound men thunder down the field and crash into one another. As brutal as it is, fans revel in the violence, cheering on their warriors as they clash with other teams on the field of battle.</P>

<P>Football is fast-paced, hard-hitting and exciting. Baseball has become bogged down with slow moving action, and archaic unwritten rules that deter from the on-field product.
The keyword in "America's pastime" is "past." Baseball's slow trod was meant for another era, an era that demanded less physical talent. Today's athletes are bigger, stronger and faster. Football gives them a place to show those skills off. In a world that craves instant gratification, football provides short bursts of action that keep people coming back for more.</P>
<P>Baseball is a grind to follow with its 162-game season. Football is more popular and knows to keep people wanting more.
Football may be popular, but it doesn't necessarily mean it's America's sport. Baseball is ingrained in American culture. Americans grow up eating apple pie, enjoying a burger and tossing around a baseball with the old man. Its popularity exploded in the early 20th century and has never been too far from the national conscience.
Baseball has continued to be America's sport with heroes like Jackie Robinson, who broke the color barrier in MLB. Babe Ruth became a legend with his long drives and home runs. Even now, when baseball is supposed to be "less exciting" with the lack of performance-enhancing drugs, the sport is thriving with new stars like Aaron Judge, Mike Trout, and Clayton Kershaw destroying opponents and records alike.</P>

<P>People like to complain about the length of the season, but if you're a real sports fan, it is one of the great things about baseball. There aren't many days during the season when there's no baseball going on. When it comes to baseball, too much of a good thing doesn't exist.</P>
<P>Having so many games also allows fans to enjoy the sport at their leisure--and without breaking the bank. NFL games easily run into the hundreds of dollars when it's all said and done. But baseball games are some of the most affordable tickets on the market. You can head to the park, have a hot dog, a couple of beverages, and still have cash left over to save for another game. The baseball stadium experience is the best stadium experience in all of sports. The natural breaks in the game make it perfect to be in the game and have a conversation with whoever is there with you.
Sometimes, you fear for your life at football stadiums. Baseball is a much more relaxed environment.</P>

